hey my beauties welcome back I wanted to
come to you guys really quickly to show
you how to make banana oat pancakes I
got this recipe off of Instagram and I
kind of tweaked it a little bit just
because the recipe that I initially used
it just hit and make enough and I added
a few things to it so I wanted to show
you guys what I used it just in case you
may want to try it here's the pancake
and here's the finished product of the
pancake the kids did try it and they
absolutely loved it so let me show you
guys what I use okay so for the pancake
I use a cup of whole wheat flour where
is it oh here it is so I use a cup of
whole wheat flour here and then I used
for egg whites I use a cup of oat flour
but because I don't have a flower I just
use my my oats and then all you have to
do is you know grind them up and like a
blender or something I gotta turn my
check my pancakes go ahead and turn this
one over there um I also used a here we
go whoops i also used a teaspoon of
vanilla extract I used one teaspoon of
baking powder I used about a how much
cinnamon I use the fourth teaspoon of
cinnamon and one cup of coconut milk I
had to look because I had to like make
some changes of reason why I'm looking
so a cup of coconut milk I get this
coconut milk here so i use a cup of that
and i used a tablespoon of honey
and a one whole banana and I'm asked the
banana up in the blender and mix it all
together and this is what I got and the
kids loved it so this is definitely a
healthier way to make your pancakes you
know so that you're not you know
consuming all of the the bad ingredients
from you know just different pancake
mixes so yeah you guys give it a shot I
want to just come on here really quick
if you guys have any questions
specifically about it let me know and I
will definitely get back to you guys I
hope everyone's having a fantastic day
mmm bye